[auditbeat][fim] Update Auditbeat file_integrity module to default to auto backend with intelligent fallback (#47498)
elastic/beats: auditbeat/module/file_integrity/_meta/docs.md

The operating system features that power this feature are as follows.

* Linux - Multiple backends are supported: `auto`, `fsnotify`, `kprobes`, `ebpf`. {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3.0` By default, `auto` is used, which automatically selects the best available backend. The module tries `ebpf` first, falls back to `kprobes` if eBPF is not supported, and finally falls back to `fsnotify` if neither eBPF nor kprobes are available. The eBPF backend uses modern eBPF features and supports 5.10.16+ kernels. The `Kprobes` backend uses tracefs and supports 3.10+ kernels. The `fsnotify` backend uses inotify (merged into Linux kernel 2.6.13) but doesn't have the ability to associate user data to file events. The backend can be explicitly selected by specifying the `backend` config option.
* macOS (Darwin) - Uses the `FSEvents` API, present since macOS 10.5. This API coalesces multiple changes to a file into a single event. Auditbeat translates this coalesced changes into a meaningful sequence of actions. However, in rare situations the reported events may have a different ordering than what actually happened.
* Windows:

>   * {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.2.0` Multiple backends are supported: `auto`, `fsnotify`, `etw`. {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3.0` By default, `auto` is used, which automatically tries the `etw` backend first, falling back to `fsnotify` if ETW is not available or supported. The `etw` backend uses Event Tracing for Windows (ETW) to monitor file system activities at the kernel level, supporting enhanced process context information and requires Administrator privileges. The `fsnotify` backend utilizes the `ReadDirectoryChangesW` Windows API. The backend can be explicitly selected by specifying the `backend` config option.

Reviewer: Same here:

```suggestion
  * {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3.0, preview 9.2.0` Multiple backends are supported:
    * `auto`: Automatically tries the `etw` backend first, falling back to `fsnotify` if ETW is not available or supported.
    * `fsnotify`: Utilizes the `ReadDirectoryChangesW` Windows API.
    * `etw`: Uses Event Tracing for Windows (ETW) to monitor file system activities at the kernel level, supporting enhanced process context information and requires Administrator privileges.

    The backend can be explicitly selected by specifying the `backend` config option.
  * {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.0.0` `ReadDirectoryChangesW` is always used.
```

<img width="895" height="340" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-18 at 3 27 45 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/59224493-010a-47b2-a4a7-0583befa4700" />

The operating system features that power this feature are as follows.

* **Linux**: Multiple backends are supported: `auto`, `fsnotify`, `kprobes`, `ebpf`.
  * `auto`: {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4.0` Automatically selects the best available backend. The module tries `ebpf` first, falls back to `kprobes` if eBPF is not supported, and finally falls back to `fsnotify` if neither eBPF nor kprobes are available.
  * `fsnotify`: Uses inotify (merged into Linux kernel 2.6.13) but doesn't have the ability to associate user data to file events.
  * `kprobes`: Uses tracefs and supports 3.10+ kernels.
  * `ebpf`: Uses modern eBPF features and supports 5.10.16+ kernels.
  * The backend can be explicitly selected by specifying the `backend` config option.
* **macOS (Darwin)**: Uses the `FSEvents` API, present since macOS 10.5. This API coalesces multiple changes to a file into a single event. Auditbeat translates this coalesced changes into a meaningful sequence of actions. However, in rare situations the reported events may have a different ordering than what actually happened.
* **Windows**: Multiple backends are supported: `auto`, `fsnotify`, `etw`.

>   * `auto`: {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4.0, preview 9.2.0` Automatically tries the `etw` backend first, falling back to `fsnotify` if ETW is not available or supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `auto`: {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4.0+, preview 9.2.0-9.3.0` Automatically tries the `etw` backend first, falling back to `fsnotify` if ETW is not available or supported.
```
